doc: add code example to process.throwDeprecation property (#29495)
nodejs/node: doc/api/process.md

* {boolean}

> The `process.throwDeprecation` is a mutable property at runtime which

Reviewer: This text is a little confusing.

* It's not clear what the difference between "mutable property at runtime" vs. "mutable property"  would be. I don't think there is any in this case.
* Since it is mutable, it doesn't necessarily indicate whether the command line flag is set.

Maybe something more like this?

> The initial value of `process.throwDeprecation` indicates whether the `--throw-deprecation` flag is set on the current Node.js process. See the documentation for the [`'warning'` event][process_warning] and
the [`emitWarning()` method][process_emit_warning] for more information. `process.throwDeprecation` is mutable, so whether or not deprecation warnings cause a process throw may be altered at runtime.

Author: Yeap, that's quite confusing.

Your proposal seems to be more clear than mine (on my opinion), but on my reading experience, I think is quite better switch the order of the sentences about `process.throwDeprecation` property and `emitWarning()` and `warning` event, to make that paragraph with a little bit more of cohesion.

Fixed on bf3bcf7.

* {boolean}

The initial value of `process.throwDeprecation` indicates whether the

> `--throw-deprecation` flag is set on the current Node.js process,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--throw-deprecation` flag is set on the current Node.js process.
```

`process.throwDeprecation` is mutable, so whether or not deprecation

> warnings results in an error may be altered at runtime. See the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
warnings result in errors may be altered at runtime. See the
```

Author: @Trott, Thanks! Fixed on a6d19ba

[`emitWarning()` method][process_emit_warning] for more information about this
flag's behavior.

```console
$ node --throw-deprecation -p "process.throwDeprecation"
true
$ node -p "process.throwDeprecation"
undefined

> ```

Reviewer 2: It may be worthwhile to include an example that shows `process.throwDeprecation` is *mutable* at runtime...

```js
process.throwDeprecation = true;

process.emitWarning('test', 'DeprecationWarning');
// will cause an error to be thrown
```

Author: Totally worth it!

Author: Should docs changes? I mean, may say that `process. throwDeprecation` is mutable at runtime like: "The `process.throwDeprecation` is a mutable property at runtime which indicates..."

Reviewer 2: That would be good, I think
